---
layout: post
title: A Clear Horizon
---

*Originally posted to Reddit as /u/whatthefuckguys.*

* * *

For all of York’s life, he had lived in Crag. He had been given neither reason to leave, nor a chance to try, but it was where he laid his head at night and where he cast his fishing nets. Although he’d never sought other places beyond the forest, he knew that Crag was small, even for a village. Sometimes, folk from the nearby towns would come to trade, bringing wool and grains in return for fresh fish. Some of the older folk were even from those towns – Gerd was from Brumspar, Anna grew up in Wisply – but most everyone in Crag was from Crag. Furthermore, York had never met anyone from beyond the woods, and had never heard of anyone who had.

Venturing into the woods was a frightening thought. At night, wolves sang the song of the hunt, and more than a few kind folk had made the mistake of thinking that the woods were safe during the day. The furthest that York had ever been was perhaps fifty paces, and even then, the woods were so dense that the light from the cliffside had already started to die off. He had sprinted back with a white bloodroot flower, and his mother had smacked him when she saw it, ordering him never to go near the woods again.

More frightening than the woods, though, was the fog. There was a definite start and stop to the woods at the apex of the cliffs, but the fog, while ever present, always changed. Some days, it would be miles off in the distance, and other days, it would come right up to the boat docks, and there would be no fishing. It was thick and grey like the clouds above, reminding York of wet woolen clothes hung out to dry. The sun was a hidden creature, shining diffused light through the cloud cover, never showing itself. The dim light of the cloudy days gave the fog a menacing nature, a darkness upon an already dark day. Like the woods, the fog claimed its share of wanderers. When York fished, he was always sure to fish well away from the fog. When it encroached, it moved quickly, swallowing everything up, and sometimes the boats and people overtaken by the fog would simply not be there when it came back. There was no noise from the fog – whereas the forest was alive with howls, the fog carried only the stillness of death.

This did not stop York’s father, though. Edric was a stout, quarrelsome bear of a man who took to the seas like a fish himself, guiding his boats and casting his nets with hands made thick by calluses. For the past five months, when he was not fishing, he was building, and now his work was complete. On the rocky beach, half in the water, was Edric’s longboat, outfitted with a full set of oars and a gargantuan sail. It was, he claimed, his life’s work. “Gytha, you must understand! This is what I need to do. Before I was even York’s age, I knew that this was where the current would take me.”

“Then wash away with the waves, damn you! I held my tongue when you spent your time building the boat, missing meals, neglecting your house, because I hoped you would forget or give in. Now, you want to leave your sons fatherless and your wife a widow?” At the table, York locked eyes with his brother, both refusing to let themselves stare at the rage pouring out of their mother.

“I need to *know.*” With that, Edric stood up, taking his leave from supper. As he opened the door to the cool night, he stared into York’s eyes, and looked away before either said anything. The boat was waiting, and so were the men. Edric had built the boat with many helping hands, and he had talked a score of men into coming with him once it was complete. The idea was simple. With enough men, armed well, there would be a good chance of finding out what lay beyond the fog. They could have tried the woods, but his place was on the waves, and no men were better suited for the task than the sailors of Crag. They brought swords, spears, and bows. Some men carried their family swords, and others, whose families had never had to raise arms, carried steel still fresh from the forge. Together, they pushed the longboat into the water, clambered in, and began to row while Edric raised the sail. Taking his place at the helm, he stared first into the fog ahead, and then back at the shore. At the top of the cliff, he saw York, and they waved at each other before the boat plunged into the mist.

That first day, York’s mother went about her day’s routine in a fury. Every motion she made was stiff and forceful, and she went to bed before the boys did. The next morning, her eyes were red and swollen. York knew better than to mention it. The grey days dragged on. Work was difficult. York would catch himself daydreaming while knotting new nets, or would find his boat drifting a little too close to the fog. He knew that his father would return, but when? Gytha spent her time by the window, staring out to the fog. Some days, she stared intently, and other days, her eyes glassed over with tears.

On the day of rest, York woke with a start when a thunderclap boomed from across the water, deafening in volume. He kicked out of his sleeping mat, eliciting a cry out of his brother, who had also just been startled awake. They barreled their way through the door and stared towards the obfuscated horizon. The muted yellow-white of the sun filtered through the clouds overhead, but in the fog, yellow and red raged behind the gray. Staring, neither of them could make anything of it, and nobody else in Crag seemed to know, either. As the day grew on, the grey mist of the fog was overwhelmed with black smoke, and night took over the sky before supper had arrived. 

York sat with his mother after supper while they warmed themselves in front of the hearth. Bracing himself for his mother’s reaction, he asked, “do you think that this is something Father has done?” Gytha stared into the embers and a silence grew.
“Yes,” she said, voice cracking, “yes, it has to be. I have never seen the likes of this. It is as if there were a great bonfire on the sea, and this is the first time I have heard thunder on the water instead of in the clouds.” She squeezed York’s hand. “I am so, so afraid for your father. I love him dearly, but he is too much of a stubborn brute for his own good.”

Once again, York woke with a sense of unease. A cold breeze whipped about outside, whistling through the eaves. It was too early in the autumn for this kind of cold. Stumbling to the door, he pushed it open and stared at the water with an open mouth. The fog was gone. The water was still, and the dawn streaked through the sky, every cloud gone from sight. At the horizon above the water, there was a glint, no, a reflection. The water was being reflected near-perfectly by the sky, and when  York looked up, he saw that the earth had its own twin in the warped sky. The sunlight refracted through the glinting sky, exploding into a rainbow, and at the furthest reach of the sea, touching the water, York saw a trickle of smoke coming from a jagged hole in the sky.

York ran back inside, staring at his mother, who was looking out the window. “Not you, too,” she whispered. He dropped his head, then embraced her, holding her tight, and kissed her on the cheek. York bolted from the house, and clattered down the steps to the dock with an unmatched speed. In his boat, he found the spare nets he’d made, and the sword he’d been keeping in the bottom of the boat since his father had left. Unlashing the boat and unfurling the sail, he took one last look at home, then fixed his sights on the glass horizon. It was time to follow his father.
