---
layout: post
title: The Rush
---

*Originally posted to Reddit as /u/whatthefuckguys.*

* * *

It's lunchtime and downtown is busy. The sidewalks buzz with life, humans crawling everywhere, in search for our most primal need, food. I am looking forwards to a burger. High calorie, high cholesterol, high deliciousness. 
 
 When the Rush comes, the thought of food flees from my mind, and my brisk pace shatters into a lurching stagger. I gravitate towards the wall of the building shading the sidewalk. Sitting on the wide window sill of - was it a bank? I don't remember, not like it mattered - the building, I clutch my knees to my chest and wept as the Rush flows over and into me.
 
 Opening my eyes, I am lost. Vision blurred, I struggle to remember where I am. My breath rattles in my chest and my skin is paper. Soft lighting, beige walls with chalk-green accents. My vision refocuses a hair, and I remember that I'd left my glasses on the bedside table. It would be just out of reach, but my arm is too heavy and moving hurts my hand. The IV needles twinge with pain. I remember, again. *Hospice. Cancer.* 
 
 "Oh, look, he's awake!" I close my eyes again.
 
 This time, I am holding a child in my arms. It is difficult to balance myself while sitting upright in the bed. *My bed. Not the hospital, not yet.* I try to remember what the name of the baby is. *Jacob?* 
 
 "I'll never get tired of grandchildren." The voice creaks. It takes a while for it to dawn on me that the voice is my own. How strange it is to hear my death coming for me. "What does Benjamin think of Jacob, does he like having a little brother?"
 
 "Jackson, Dad. Yes, Ben loves it! He's been fawning over Jackson constantly. He tells me that he wants to be his little brother's hero." I smile, and my eyes close.
 
 The auditorium is packed. I hate it here. So many people, so many conversations. Tinnitus blares through my head, competing with the crowd. The lights dim and everyone goes silent. Only the ringing remains. My daughter puts her phone away, which seems like a small miracle. I don't blame her for feeling bored, she's already graduated. I nod off as the speaker begins introducing the deans. 
 
 "Thomas Moore!"
 
 My wife elbows me, and I see a man, almost a boy, crossing the stage, grabbing the leather tube that holds his diploma. My heart sings when he shakes the university president's hand and walks off the stage. *My son is a man now.* As the names continue to rattle on, I nod off again, and my wife lets me take my rude nap in peace.
 
 Once again, I am holding a child in my arms. *Katherine.* My first child. Little tufts of light blonde hair grace her scalp. I wonder if her hair will turn brown, like my hair used to be before it went grey, or if it'll stay a brilliant blonde, like her mother's. This tiny creature, barely bigger than a football, is now my world. She will do great things and I will always be proud of her. Who will she be? *It doesn't matter, because I love her.* I close my eyes and lean in to kiss my wife.
 
 Consciousness is barely in my grasp, dirt is all around me. *Bomb. Someone set off a roadside bomb.* I roll over, and I see the wreckage of the humvee. There is no time to figure out how I am still alive. I look down, laugh to see I have both legs. *Where is my rifle?* I roll in the other direction to find it, intact. *Need to get out before they come.* I reach for my rifle. The ring finger and pinky of my right hand are missing. Consciousness slips from my grasp again.
 
 We're on a blanket in the back of my truck, by the lake. Sweat covers our body in the summer heat, and we writhe like snakes together. She screams in ecstasy and I kiss her as I finish. *I am going to marry this girl someday.* I collapse and we hold each other. The night stars fade away as we fall asleep in each other's arms.
 
 I crawl out of the overturned shopping cart. My head hurts. Mom is chewing Dad out.
 
 "I told you that letting Michael ride in the cart was a bad idea! I'm so glad he's not hurt." I hold out my arms, weeping, and my father lifts me into his embrace. 
 
 "Shh, shh. It's okay." Tears soak into his shirt, and his smell, of sawdust and sweat, and tobacco, fills my nose. I close my eyes and cry, but this time it doesn't hurt so bad.
 
 My eyes don't open this time. I'm surrounded by warmth. Everything is muffled, but I don't worry about hearing. I don't need to, I am safe, and I am loved.
 
 I snap back to my seat on the windowsill. People have been respectfully avoiding me, letting the Rush take me in peace. Tears continue to stream down my face, and my chest heaves as my sobs pump through my lungs.
 
 *I need to call Mom.*
