---
layout: post
title: Voyager
---

*Originally posted to Reddit as /u/whatthefuckguys.*

* * *

Headed in no particular direction, rocketing through the black infinite beyond, a collection of golden records is our silent screaming prayer to the unknown space that our planet is drowning in. We threw on it, with holy reverence, all that we knew to be true in 1977, be it birds, beaches, benzene, or Bach. Our immortality entombed in two space probes, with minute chance to be seen tens of thousands of years from now, a testament to our willingness not to be alone in the cosmic wasteland that is the Universe.

God himself would merely take note in his ledger, maybe laugh, perhaps shed a divine tear, no one knows. He knows that with His army of prophets spearheaded by His son, the Christ Jesus, we are already engraved upon the permanence of existence. Yet, He understands. From incomprehensible deity to base man, there is a sympathetic chord ringing.

We are His golden records. Be it our generals, our kings, our beggars, or our art, our idols, our temples, we, this, everything, simple expressions of His own desire to be unending. There are times when we are closer to knowing this than others.

One such time was not long ago. The Ark was unearthed in the tombs of vast Babylon, and mankind trembled. The gold had long since flaked off, scattered around the sealed room. There was no question that it would remain sealed. Not a single man of science would dare violate its sacred body.

CAT scans changed everything, including the way we saw the Ark. When the Ark was blasted with the all-revealing X-rays, the tablets were nowhere to be found. Instead, a series of discs manifested on the screens. Further laboring revealed that there were fine grooves on these discs, impossible craftsmanship, an improbable oddity.

A young sapling of a man rooted in the center of the room, surrounded by old, stiff minds, cried out, "it's a vinyl!" to a chorus of scoffs and disenchanted grunts. Heedless of their disdain, he took it upon himself to make a 3D-printed model.

Without playing it, without seeing or hearing for himself, he collected the others, and proclaimed, "Look! Look at what I have done! I have in my hands the words of God!" Lowering the needle on the record, they all held their breath, skeptics and believers alike.

And lo, how they wept with fear, and joy, and confusion, when the guitar blared and the drums thundered, and a voice howled, *GO GO, GO, JOHNNY, GO!*
